You're finished.
My uncle Wolf has a habit
Just tremble all over
If you are angry, you are dead
I think he is blind.
How dare they look down on you
Teach him a lesson and let them know how good you are
Uncle Wolf, don't you like hot hands and flowers the most?
Do you think this woman is not the government and your appetite?
Ah!
Uncle Wolf beat you to death, you little bastard
Do you know who that is?
Do you want me to die early?
Uh-huh.
Miss Li, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I really didn't know it was you.
If I had known it was you
Lend me 10 guts, I dare not offend you.
Mouse, why are you kneeling down for this woman?
Someone they killed me
Liar
Shut up for me, your Nanshan Wolf is so majestic now
You are more majestic than me now
Dare to hit me
Miss Li Miss Li
This is a misunderstanding.
A misunderstanding is a misunderstanding
I have nothing to do with their parry
Please, please give me a way out
Miss Li lives
Well, it's cold this year.
Before the end of the year
Don't let your brothers go to sea to do business